# Weekly Contributions to the Project

Team: COMP3900-M12A-AtlassianTwo

Name: Jake Tyler

# Week 1
- Mostly planning work and attempting to decide which project to do out of the list given to us

# Week 2
- Expanded project description criteria into user stories and epics with Thomas.
- Started adding all the tickets to the jira to make them match the proposal (including acceptance criteria)
- Assessed which novel functionalities to implement.
- Started adding story point estimates to tickets

# Week 3
- Designed and implemented the first itteration of the car spot registration page.
- Lots of underlying work was done setting up the backbones of the project in this sprint so not much was finished tickets wise
- Sorted out the first sprint demo and how to structure it

# Week 4
- Finished the first iteration of the car spot rego page that was demoed
- Started work on the payments section that would later be encorporated in the car spot booking page.

# Week 5
- Had the flu, not much happened
- Refactored the front-end with tom as it was getting a bit ridiculous

# Week 6 
- Processing Payments encorporated into car space booking page.
- Waiting on the new api to be fully setup

# Week 7
- Finalizing work from previous weeks as the demo is around the corner
- Car space booking page has additional cards added and the styling is fixed.
- Lots of debugging before the week 8 demo.

# Week 8
- Cleaned up the car space booking page and refactored some of the website to fit the theme
- Played with webpage styling to find what was best
- Setup the booking search system, so a user can search for checkin and checkout times and not be able to book already booked spaces.
- Learnt a little bit about how the db actually works and how to call it.

# Week 9
- Created the functionality for the webscrapper which was a challenge as I didn't want to make the 'partner' angry
- Created the frontend for the webscrapper.
- Learnt selenium.
- Refactored a large amount of the pages as their code and styling needed to be made nicer and more "proffessional"

# Week 10
- Implemented the new webscrapper with a docker container, as the containerization makes it difficult to use selenium on the local computer 
- Jasper & Omer helped me get the api calls setup to call the webscrapper and then needed to play around with return formats
- Cleaned the webscrapper code up and dealt with a lot of the issues with running a linux container and accessing it from another container
- Refactored and added documentation to a few more pages to make them consistent and readable, added the doc on the webscrapper which made it a little more readable
- Worked on the proposal writing the objective mapping section, alongside the sections involving the webscrapping componenent.
