# Weekly Contributions to the Project

Team: COMP3900-M12A-AtlassianTwo
Name: Thomas French

# Week 1

 - Initialised README.md in master branch in the repo.

# Week 2

 - Set up proposal word document for the team.
 - Expanded project description criteria into user stories and epics with Jake.
 - Came up with several non-novel functionalities that could be added into the project.
 - Designed UX Preliminary design for front-end application.

# Week 3

 - Finalised/Wrote Following sections of proposal report:
        Title Page
        User Stories and Epics
            Sprint Management
            Key Terminology
            Product Backlog with Full Epic Breakdown
            User Storyboards/Interfaces
        Required Technologies and Proficiencies
            Programming Languages
            Third Party API's
            Data Storage and Maintenance
            Data Tunnel Architecture

 - Designed protocol structure for data tunnel architecture
 - Designed Storyboards addressing each User Story with Ertugrul

# Week 4

 - Developed all of landing Page UI
 - Developed draft View-My-Listings UI
 
# Week 5

 - Developed all of the space-search-page UI and searchQuery structure in URL API's
 - Finished the View My Listings Page
 - Developed all of the Edit-My-Listings Page
 - Loading animation components and timed with API fetching results

# Week 6

 - Hooked up all new http API methods from backend to front end application to all of the pages.
 - Helped debug some missing database methods and error codes
 - Developed error handling system within front end side
 - Designed routng security in the front end application between authorised users and guests
 - Learned how to manage browser cookies and implement them to handle authorising a user after logging in
 - Logging out prompting
 - Fixed loading animation bug with API calls
 - Developed My Account page for a logged in user with edit fields, routing, and intriduction of bank details.

# Week 7

 - Took a week off to work on another course.
 - Fixed search page bug with endless react hook loop
 - Several debugging PR's over weekend before demo

# Week 8

 - Helper rewrite API calls to centralise a single function that manages integration with backend.
 - Started review and comments system, refactored a little bit of code.
 - Debugged incoming PR's.

# Week 9

 - Developed review system with likes and comments from front end POV.
 - Rewrote view my bookings page to sync up with designed UX interfaces.
 - Added filter parameters for searching from front end POV.
 - Helped debug booking filters on searching.  Performed heart surgery on our developer branch on git.
 - Debugged developer branch before final demo.

# Week 10

 - Added textfield validation on nearly every textfield component
 - Fixed bugs on frontend code before submission
 - Refactored entire frontend filesystem and removed duplicated code
 - Wrote Third Party API/Library sections in report
 - Helped format report
 - Added user authentication problem to report
