# Weekly Contributions to the Project

Team: COMP3900-M12A-AtlassianTwo
Name: Jasper Na

# Week 1

# Week 2
- Create docker environment for python backend/postgresql

# Week 3
- Create When2Meet and arranged week 3 team meetings.
- Create docker environment for frontend environment
- Create database relational diagram and software architecture diagram for the report.
- Reorganise User stories in tabular form for proposal. Write-up assigned sections. Review and format proposal.

# Week 4
- Create When2Meet and arranged week 4 team meetings.
- Design basic Python to Postgres interface to allow for insertion and retrieval with Omer in pair-coding.
- Design Python Dataclassess to map database tuple schema into Python Objects. Added basic class functions to allow retrieval of Users/Listings based on their corresponding IDs.
- Helped Mitch integrate account creation/log-in authentication to interact with the backend/database in a pair-coding session.

# Week 5
- Consolidated feature branches for DEMO A. Resolved merge conflicts and hotfixed some minor error.
- Retrospective A discussion and Sprint 2 improvement suggestions.

# Week 6
- Create When2Meet and arranged week 6 team meeting.
- Designed errorcode utility class to contain errorcodes to be sent back to frontend for more feature-rich error handling/response with Omer in pair-coding session.
- Designed standardised front-end response format with Omer in a pair-coding 
- Extended Python to Postgres Interface to allow for update operations to be performed.
- Standardised backend API call documentation for expected return  errorcodes/payloads for Frontend developer reference.
- Overhauled all routes to be standardised, and listen for different HTTP methods rather than a unique route for each database operation.
- Wrote all FASTAPI Documentation for the MySpaces internal API

# Week 7
- Set up email templates and email events on new user and new bookings.
- Create preliminary search algorithm for listings.
- Hopped on screenshare with Tom/Omer to help debug any backend errors during fastAPI integration for searching/create listings.
- Added password hashing and backend user authentication.

# Week 8
- Hotfix backend bugs in preperation for DEMO B. Reviewed and approved final DEMO B pull request.
- Met up with team to have a Sprint 2 retrospective and discuss what went well and methods to improve for Sprint 3.
- Create a When2Meet to arrange Sprint3 meeting times and scheduled corresponding Standups
- Attended Friday standup to touch base on progress
- Hopped on screenshare with Omer to create a script to generate listings for myspaces

# Week 9
- Added support for filtering when searching for listings
- Attended Sunday standup to touch base on progress
- Overhauled the review and rating backend, redesigned API request/response type for /review/ route
- Hopped on screenshare with Tom to help debug any backend errors during frontend testing of the Review/Rating system
- Updated database schema and corresponding data objects to handle BSB/AccountNumber for Mitch.
- Attended Wednesday standup to touch base on progress
- Added mapping between database check violations and corresponding error codes to nicely return a single error code to the front-end upon a database insertion fail
- Integrate Google Directions API into search algorithm to recommend searches based on an average public transport duration.

# Week 10
- Added functionality to cache Google Directions API calls in the database to avoid repeated calls to save on google Cloud budget.
- Cleanup database data so all initial inserts are more realistic
- Draftup backend README
- Reformat backend to remove unless prints, convert to snake_case, and run code formatter for consistancy
- Create setup/run/end scripts. Write up installation guide. Write up corresponding sections of final report.
