# Weekly Contributions to the Project

Team: COMP3900-M12A-AtlassianTwo
Name: Ertugrul Omer Gul

# Week 1

 - Did some research on ideas and what our novel functionalities can be.

# Week 2

- We finalised our project idea and discussed what texh options we have
- I created mockup database schema and discussed it with Jasper
- Designed a logo for the proposal.,

# Week 3
- Did some work on the propsosal.
- Created a relational diagram for the database and implemented an init.sql function.

# Week 4

- Performed some testing on the database through the web interface Jasper prepared.
- Implement database interface to allow for insertion and retrieval with Jasper in pair-coding.
- Implemented data classes for eas of manipulation in the backend
- Implemented frontend interface with Jasper.

# Week 5

- Retrospectivie A. My main points were meetings should be more frequent and at stricker times and also that the Jira should be checked more often to track group progress.

# Week 6

- Implemented errorcodes class to contain errorcodes to be sent back to frontend for communication with backend, with Jasper.
- Designed response backend structure with Jasper. (Payload and Errorcode)

# Week 7

- Went FullStack. Learned about Javascript and React
- Implemented, bookings pages.
- Added datechecks in database. (PlpgSql)
- Refactored interal API calls in frontend to go through a single function (removing duplicate code)

# Week 8

- Worked with Jake on date formating in fullstack pipeline, for material ui calendar component.
- Reseached APIs to use for public transport functionalitiy

# Week 9
 
- Implemented Google Maps Api (Maps Javasript Api) and worked with Jasper and Tom to display puplic transport routes.

# Week 10

- Hooked up carwash to the frontend (through main.py)
- Added header comments to python files
- Updated front end code naming to camelCase with Tom via pair programming
- Refactored phone and credit card inputs

